Associate - Baseball Research and Development
Job LocationsUS-WI-MilwaukeePosted Date4 days ago(9/23/2026 12:34 PM)
ID 2026-2786 # of Openings 3 Category Baseball Admin/Operations
Job Description
As part of the Baseball Research and Development Department, the associate will work on dedicated projects to deliver research and tools to improve organizational decision-making. The associate will learn and gain experience within the Baseball Research and Development team, while collaborating with other departments across all of Baseball Operations.

 

Core duties for this role include, but are not limited to:

Work with Baseball R&D and Baseball Operations to understand analytical needs and implement best practices for meeting those needs
Investigate emerging data sources and identify potential for predictive value and actionable insights to improve decision making
Develop visualizations and other mechanisms for disseminating analytical results to Baseball Operations, including consideration for less technically and analytically inclined consumers 
The ideal candidate will have a bachelor's degree (B.S./B.A.) or in the current pursuit of a bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering, Operations Research, or related field from four-year college or university.  Advanced degree or current pursuit of advanced degree in one of the areas mentioned above or a related field is desirable.

 

Our Team

The Research and Development Department is a critical component to the success of the Milwaukee Brewers organization. We develop the information used in decision-making processes across all other departments. You will be given the opportunity to work on new and innovative research problems and work with personnel across the front-office to see the implementation. We strive to discover the most accurate and actionable information possible to help the Brewers win the World Series.

 

Our Pitch

You come here to make a difference. We are a purpose-led organization, focused on building an inclusive and engaging culture that fosters excellence, collaboration and ingenuity. We strive to be a model employer and cultivator of talent, empowering our teams to drive innovation through the inclusion of diverse thoughts, ideas and perspectives. We operate at the highest standard of excellence, investing in the development of our staff across all levels and embracing differences through a culture of respect and understanding.

We are proud to offer a highly competitive perks and benefits package including:
League wide medical insurance plan
401(K) match and an additional annual contribution from the Club
Collaborative recognition program and incentives
Online educational platform for personal and professional development
Business Resource Groups
Paid time off for volunteering
Inclusive training and development opportunities aligned with Club values
Brewers Home Game tickets, promotional giveaways and other discounts!
 

For more information about our Crew, other benefits and insight into our Club culture please visit our Careers Page.